feat: :lock: add auth (#8)
saleor/saleor-next-starter: src/auth/Readme.md

> # Authentication flow

Author: The whole `src/auth` directory was copied from react-storefront. In the future it'll become a standalone library.

Reviewer: Can you please change the name to `README`?

const saleorAuthClientData = useSaleorAuthClient(authClientProps)

<SaleorAuthProvider {...saleorAuthClientData}>
    {...}
</SaleorAuthProvider>
```

---

#### **`useSaleorAuthContext() => SaleorAuthContextConsumerProps`**

The provider also equips you with `useSaleorAuthContext` hook

```javascript
const { isAuthenticating, signIn, signOut, checkoutSignOut } = useSaleorAuthContext();
```

## How do I tell my graphql client to refresh queries on signIn / signOut?

#### **`useAuthChange({ onSignedIn, onSignedOut }: UseAuthChangeProps) => void`**

Once the successful sign in or sign out happens, as well as failed authentication (for e.g when refresh token is expired and there's no way to obtain a new access token from the api) you'll probably want to trigger some actions. Hence we're provided a `useAuthChange` hook that'll listen to storage changes and trigger callbacks.

```javascript
  useAuthChange({
    onSignedOut: () => { /* client invalidate some queries */},
    onSignedIn: () => { /* client invalidate some queries  */}
    },
  });
```

## How do I sign in?

#### **`SaleorAuthClient.signIn: ({ email, password }: TokenCreateVariables) => Promise<TokenCreateResponse>`**

> SaleorAuthClient returns a `signIn` method. You can also access it via the **useSaleorAuthContext** hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SaleorAuthClient` returns a `signIn` method. You can also access it via the **useSaleorAuthContext** hook.
```

```javascript
const { signIn } = useSaleorAuthContext();

const response = await signIn({
  email: "example@mail.com",
  passowrd: "password",
});
```

## How do I sign out?

#### **`SaleorAuthClient.signOut: () => void`**

> This method will remove access and refresh tokens from SaleorAuthClient state and storage. It'll also trigger sign out event, which in turn will trigger [onSignOut method of useAuthChange hook](#how-do-i-tell-my-graphql-client-to-refresh-queries-on-signin--signout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method will remove access and refresh tokens from the `SaleorAuthClient` state and storage. It will also call the sign-out event, which will trigger [`onSignOut` method of the `useAuthChange` hook](#how-do-i-tell-my-graphql-client-to-refresh-queries-on-signin--signout).
```

```javascript
const { signOut } = useSaleorAuthContext();

signOut();
```

> ⚠️ For checkout sign out see [signing out in checkout](#how-do-i-sign-out-in-checkout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ For checkout sign-out, see [signing-out in checkout](#how-do-i-sign-out-in-checkout).
```

## How do I sign out in checkout?

#### **`SaleorAuthClient.checkoutSignOut: ({ checkoutId }: CustomerDetachVariables) => Promise<CustomerDetachResponse>`**

> On top of the regular sign out login, in checkout we need to start signing out process with detaching customer from checkout. Since detach requires a signed in user, it'll happen first and removing tokens from state / storage will only happen if the mutation returned success:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When dealing with authentication in the checkout, we need to start the signing-out process by detaching the customer from checkout. Since it requires the user to be signed in, it must be executed first. If the mutation succeeds, the tokens from the state/storage will be removed.

```

```javascript
const { checkoutSignOut } = useSaleorAuthContext();

const response = await checkoutSignOut({ checkoutId: checkout.id });
```

> ## How does auth handle resetting password?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I reset password?
```

#### **`SaleorAuthClient.resetPassword: ({ email, password, token }: PasswordResetVariables) => Promise<PasswordResetResponse>`**

> SaleorAuthClient class provides you with a reset password method. If the reset password mutation is successful, it'll log you in automatically just like after a regular sign in. The [onSignIn method of useAuthChange hook](#how-do-i-tell-my-graphql-client-to-refresh-queries-on-signin--signout) will also be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SaleorAuthClient` class provides you with a reset password method. If the reset password mutation is successful, it will log you in automatically, just like after a regular sign-in. The [`onSignIn` method of `useAuthChange` hook](#how-do-i-tell-my-graphql-client-to-refresh-queries-on-signin--signout) will also be triggered.
```

```javascript
const { resetPassword } = useSaleorAuthContext();

const response = await resetPassword({
  email: "example@mail.com",
  password: "newPassword",
  token: "apiToken",
});
```

> ## How do I use this with Urql?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I use this with urql?
```

> Once an authentication change happens, you might want to refetch some of your queries. Because Urql doesn't provide a direct way to invalidate cache manually, we're following urql's [proposed approach](https://github.com/urql-graphql/urql/issues/297#issuecomment-501646761) of installing a new instance of the client in place of the old one. We have a hook for that called `useUrqlClient` that takes Urql `ClientOptions` as an only argument and returns the current `urqlClient` and `resetClient` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an authentication change happens, you might want to refetch some of your queries. Because urql doesn't provide a direct way to invalidate cache manually, we're following urql's [proposed approach](https://github.com/urql-graphql/urql/issues/297#issuecomment-501646761) of installing a new instance of the client in place of the old one. We have a hook for that called `useUrqlClient` that takes urql `ClientOptions` as the only argument and returns the current `urqlClient` and the `resetClient` function:
```

```javascript
const { urqlClient, resetClient } = useUrqlClient({
  url: saleorApiUrl,
  fetch: saleorAuthClient.fetchWithAuth,
  // other client props
});
```

> Then, you'll want to pass the `resetClient` function to the useAuthChange hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you may want to pass the `resetClient` function to the `useAuthChange` hook:
```

```javascript
useAuthChange({
  storage,
  onSignedOut: () => resetClient(),
  onSignedIn: () => resetClient(),
});
```

### How to put it all together?

```jsx
export const App = () => {
  const { saleorApiUrl } = getQueryParams();
  const { locale, messages } = useLocale();
  const saleorAuthClientProps = useSaleorAuthClient({
    saleorApiUrl,
    storage: localStorage,
  });

  const { saleorAuthClient } = saleorAuthClientProps;

  const { urqlClient, resetClient } = useUrqlClient({
    suspense: true,
    requestPolicy: "cache-first",
    url: saleorApiUrl,
    fetch: saleorAuthClient.fetchWithAuth,
  });

  useAuthChange({
    onSignedOut: () => resetClient(),
    onSignedIn: () => resetClient(),
  });

  return (
    <SaleorAuthProvider {...saleorAuthClientProps}>
      <UrqlProvider value={urqlClient}>
        <Home />
      </UrqlProvider>
    </SaleorAuthProvider>
  );
};
```

### How do I use it with Apollo?

> We have a hook for that called useApolloClient that authenticated fetch as its only argument and returns the current client and resetClient function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide support for Apollo with a hook called `useApolloClient` that authenticates fetch as its only argument and returns the current client, as well as the `resetClient` function:
```

```javascript
const { apolloClient, resetClient } = useApolloClient(saleorAuthClient.fetchWithAuth);
```

> Becasue we're using the client to also retrieve unauthenticated data in SSR, we separated them into two - one for SSR, that can be used outside of React flow, and the other returned by our hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we're using the client to also retrieve unauthenticated data in SSR, we separated them into two - one for SSR, which can be used outside of React flow, and the other returned by our hook.
```

```javascript
export const staticApolloClient = new ApolloClient({
  link: createHttpLink({ uri: API_URI }),
  cache: new InMemoryCache({ typePolicies }),
  ssrMode: true,
});

export const useApolloClient = (fetchWithAuth: Fetch) => {
  const httpLink = createHttpLink({
    uri: API_URI,
    fetch: fetchWithAuth,
  });

  const apolloClient = useMemo(
    () =>
      new ApolloClient({
        link: httpLink,
        cache: new InMemoryCache({ typePolicies }),
      }),
    []
  );

  return { apolloClient, resetClient: () => apolloClient.resetStore() };
};
```

> Once you get the client with authenticated fetch, you'll want to pass the `resetClient` function to the useAuthChange hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you get the client with authenticated fetch, you'll want to pass the `resetClient` function to the `useAuthChange` hook:
```
